README.md, before:

# ovhai-env
Environment for AI training management on OVHAI



## Setup:

1. Install required CLI tools: Bash, Docker, [Bitwarden CLI](https://bitwarden.com/help/cli/), [jq CLI](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/).

2. Create or share bitwarden secrets for S3 and ovhai. Required fields:

   1. S3 (for DVC): custom fields named `accesskeyid` and `secretaccesskey`
   2. OVHAI:
      1. username — ovhcloud nichandle username (the restricted user credentials not the owner one!)
      2. password — ovhcloud nichandle password
      3. custom field named `projectid` — ovh public cloud project id
      4. custom field named `region` — ovh public cloud region uppercase e.g. `GRA`
      5. custom field named `docker-registry` — URL of ovhai docker registry

3. Add ovhai-env as a submodule: 

   ```bash
   $ git submodule init
   $ git submodule add git@github.com/Jblew/ovhai-env.git env
   ```

4. Run `env/bootstrap.sh`

5. Configure environment in `.env`

   ```bash
   OVHAI_PLATFORM="darwin"
   IMAGE_NAME="cnn-tutorial"
   BITWARDEN_DVC_S3_CREDENTIALS_SECRET="name-of-the-bitwarden-secret"
   BITWARDEN_OVHAI_SECRET="..."
   IMAGE_DIR="${PROJECT_DIR}/image"
   IMAGE_ID_OUT_FILE="${PROJECT_DIR}/.image.id"
   DVC_S3_CREDENTIALS_OUT_FILE="${PROJECT_DIR}/.dvc/aws.credentials"
   OVHAI_CPU_COUNT=2
   OVHAI_GPU_COUNT=1
   CONTAINER_WORKDIR="/w"
   CONTAINER_CMD="python src/train.py"
   VOLUME_DATA_DIR="${PROJECT_DIR}/data"
   VOLUME_DATA_MOUNT="/w/data"
   VOLUME_DATA_NAME="cnn-tutorial-data"
   VOLUME_SRC_DIR="${PROJECT_DIR}/src"
   VOLUME_SRC_MOUNT="/w/src"
   VOLUME_SRC_NAME="cnn-tutorial-src"
   JOBS_DIR="${PROJECT_DIR}/jobs"
   VOLUME_OUTPUTS_MOUNT="/w/outputs"
   VOLUME_OUTPUTS_NAME_BASE="cnn-tutorial-outputs-"
   PARAMSJSON_FILE="${PROJECT_DIR}/params.json"
   CONTAINER_PARAMSJSON_ENV_NAME="PARAMSJSON"
   ```

6. Run `env/setup.sh` to install and configure environment



## Usage:

1. Run `env/image-build.sh` to build docker image and push to ovhai registry

2. Run job `env/train-on-ovhai.sh`. This will create a directory for this experiment in the `jobs/` with configuration files that will be used in the next step to obtain correct results.

3. Get logs and download results using `env/results-download.sh`. This command will download logs and outputs for any subdirectory in `jobs/` that does not already have them downloaded

Commit message:

docs(README): params.json information

README.md, after:

# ovhai-env
Environment for AI training management on OVHAI



## Setup

1. Install required CLI tools: Bash, Docker, [Bitwarden CLI](https://bitwarden.com/help/cli/), [jq CLI](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/).

2. Create or share bitwarden secrets for S3 and ovhai. Required fields:

   1. S3 (for DVC): custom fields named `accesskeyid` and `secretaccesskey`
   2. OVHAI:
      1. username — ovhcloud nichandle username (the restricted user credentials not the owner one!)
      2. password — ovhcloud nichandle password
      3. custom field named `projectid` — ovh public cloud project id
      4. custom field named `region` — ovh public cloud region uppercase e.g. `GRA`
      5. custom field named `docker-registry` — URL of ovhai docker registry

3. Add ovhai-env as a submodule: 

   ```bash
   $ git submodule init
   $ git submodule add git@github.com/Jblew/ovhai-env.git env
   ```

4. Run `env/bootstrap.sh`

5. Configure environment in `.env`

   ```bash
   OVHAI_PLATFORM="darwin"
   IMAGE_NAME="cnn-tutorial"
   BITWARDEN_DVC_S3_CREDENTIALS_SECRET="name-of-the-bitwarden-secret"
   BITWARDEN_OVHAI_SECRET="..."
   IMAGE_DIR="${PROJECT_DIR}/image"
   IMAGE_ID_OUT_FILE="${PROJECT_DIR}/.image.id"
   DVC_S3_CREDENTIALS_OUT_FILE="${PROJECT_DIR}/.dvc/aws.credentials"
   OVHAI_CPU_COUNT=2
   OVHAI_GPU_COUNT=1
   CONTAINER_WORKDIR="/w"
   CONTAINER_CMD="python src/train.py"
   VOLUME_DATA_DIR="${PROJECT_DIR}/data"
   VOLUME_DATA_MOUNT="/w/data"
   VOLUME_DATA_NAME="cnn-tutorial-data"
   VOLUME_SRC_DIR="${PROJECT_DIR}/src"
   VOLUME_SRC_MOUNT="/w/src"
   VOLUME_SRC_NAME="cnn-tutorial-src"
   JOBS_DIR="${PROJECT_DIR}/jobs"
   VOLUME_OUTPUTS_MOUNT="/w/outputs"
   VOLUME_OUTPUTS_NAME_BASE="cnn-tutorial-outputs-"
   PARAMSJSON_FILE="${PROJECT_DIR}/params.json"
   CONTAINER_PARAMSJSON_ENV_NAME="PARAMSJSON"
   ```

6. Run `env/setup.sh` to install and configure environment



## Usage

1. Run `env/image-build.sh` to build docker image and push to ovhai registry

2. Run training job using `env/train-on-ovhai.sh`. This will create a directory for this experiment in the `jobs/` with configuration files that will be used in the next step to obtain correct results. The params.json file will be serialized to env variable and passed to the training container.

3. Get logs and download results using `env/results-download.sh`. This command will download logs and outputs for any subdirectory in `jobs/` that does not already have them downloaded
